---
weight: 88.3
fast-length: 12.5
fast-start: 7.5
waist: 40.5
---
[[Digital Garden]] | [[Tasks |All Tasks]] | [[CRM]] | [[Question Log]]

# I Am A Content Coach

```todoist
name: Today's Tasks
filter: "#Biz & (today | overdue)" 
sorting: 
- date 
- priority 
group: true 
```

```todoist
name: Idea Bank
filter: "#Biz & /Ideas" 
sorting: 
- date 
- priority
group: true 
```
---
## Today's Notes:

Dear Agam,

This is your Uncle Ranbir writing you on your 1st birthday, in 2023. Your parents will give you this letter many years later, but I'll try to write it so that it is helpful to you at any stage in your life.

I've known your mom and dad for many years, and I've been honoured to be a part of their family as it's grown to include you and your brother.

I grew up an only child, but I've had the privilege of calling your dad my brother for years. He's been there for me in sad times and celebrated with me in happy times. I'm sure you will do the same for Aarman.

Your dad was just visiting me a week before your 1st birthday. He came to celebrate my wedding with your aunt Sarah. Your mom and dad are always there for their family and community; I'm sure they will teach you to do the same.

If I had to give you one piece of advice, it would be this:

Big projects will seem scary sometimes. But every big project is made up of tiny small actions. Don't focus on the project, focus on the small action you can take today to make 1% progress on the project. Do a similar small action every single day. All of your small actions will add up to something great in less time than you think.

I'll write to you next year. In the meantime, sleep well and try not to keep your parents up at night.

All my love,
Uncle Ranbir