---
weight: 87.4
fast-length: 13.0
fast-start: 9.5
waist: 40.0
---
[[Digital Garden]] | [[Tasks |All Tasks]] | [[CRM]] | [[Question Log]]

# I Am A Content Coach

```todoist
name: Today's Tasks
filter: "#Biz & (today | overdue)" 
sorting: 
- date 
- priority 
group: true 
```

```todoist
name: Idea Bank
filter: "#Biz & /Ideas" 
sorting: 
- date 
- priority
group: true 
```
---
## Today's Notes:

# Letter to Maryam

Dear Maryam,

This is your uncle Ranbir writing to you in the year 2023. I have just found out you've been born! Your aunt Sarah & I are so happy to hear about your arrival.

I'm not sure when your father will let you read this letter. So, I'll write it so that it will help you at any stage of your life.

Your father has been my friend since we were both in school. I was an only child, so your father made me his brother. That way I wouldn't be alone. 

He is younger than me but still gives me lots of help and advice when I need it. Your older sister, Areeba, will also need your help and advice sometimes. Please take good care of her, as I'm sure she will of you.

I can only imagine the future world that awaits you. All things are in God's hands, but I am sure you will do great things and help many people. Your mother and father are ensuring you get the best education and upbringing. 

If I could give you one specific piece of advice, it would be this:

In your life, you will make many friends. Some will be in your life for a short time, and others for a long time. But you will keep a precious few friends for your entire lifetime. Do your best to stay in touch with them as you grow older. Your lives will take you to very different places, but you will remind each other of your humble beginnings. Your conversations will bring you back to simpler times. As you get older, you need to stay connected to the beauty and power of your youth. 

Your father does that for me.

Sending you my love,
Uncle Ranbir