---
weight: 87.5
fast-length: 12.5
fast-start: 8.5
waist:
---
[[Digital Garden]] | [[Tasks |All Tasks]] | [[CRM]] | [[Question Log]]

# I Am A Content Coach

```todoist
name: Today's Tasks
filter: "#Biz & (today | overdue)" 
sorting: 
- date 
- priority 
group: true 
```

```todoist
name: Idea Bank
filter: "#Biz & /Ideas" 
sorting: 
- date 
- priority
group: true 
```
---
## Today's Notes:

# Vows

Sarah,

When we did our civil ceremony in March of 2022, we were with 4 loved ones in a conference room. And we were still thrilled because we almost had to do it on a roof in 2 feet of snow!

Now, I look around this room and see our entire community looking back at us.

The last few years have brought tough times for many, and we were no exception.

We recently lost your father. I still remember the day that I asked him and your mom for their blessing to marry you. He didn't hesitate. I know he loved you more than anything, and I’m eternally grateful I got to feel his love too.

We sometimes have to remind ourselves of a reason to keep going. For me, you have been that reason since we met.

Thank you for giving me 5 years of pure joy, with a lifetime more to come.

I love you completely. It is in the spirit of that love that I make these vows:

I vow to create a Jewish household with you and strengthen our united spiritual bond.

I vow to build us a peaceful home and welcome all who come under it for shelter.

I vow to share the load of life with you, at home and in the world.

I vow to help us find the light in the darkest times.

I vow to speak our truth, keep my faith and honour your grace

I vow to care for our family and community.

I vow to make you feel special everyday.

I love you Sarah Lewington and I can’t wait to be your husband.