---
tweets-written: 6
followers: 195
weight: 87.5
---
[[Digital Garden]] | [[Hall of Fame]] | [[Swipe File]] | [[Content Matrix]]

# Clear Writing is Clear Thinking

## Today's Tasks:
```tasks
not done
(scheduled before tomorrow) OR (no scheduled date)
short mode
```

## Tools:
- [Tweet Templates](https://www.notion.so/100-Tweet-Templates-with-Examples-fbdcc37fc2e04447ac452d310094e9d1)

## Tweets:


---
## Today's Notes:

- [x] #task 0-200 guide ⏫ ⏳ 2023-01-21 ✅ 2023-01-21
- [x] #task JK Molina ghostwriting advice ✅ 2023-01-15
- [x] #task engage list review ✅ 2023-01-14
- [x] #task bernardo via tweet templates ✅ 2023-01-14
- [x] #task Dan Koe's book of brand thread ⏳ 2023-01-27 ✅ 2023-01-30

Lead Magnet: 0-200 ORIGINAL growth guide for writers
I clawed my way from 0-200 followers as a writing account without:

- paying for r/ts or followers
- getting followed by friends or colleagues 
- doing follow for follow

I’ve put together a short guide of all the ORIGINAL advice I can.

This won’t be the same growth tip’s you’ve heard 100 times before so r/t & ill send it

## 0-200 Twitter Growth Guide for Writers:
- here’s the unoriginal stuff you still need to do 
	- engage
	- post 3x daily
	- good bio
- give yourself room to mess up
	- schedule content out there
- tweet what comes to mind
	- treat it like your journal
- flip-flop on niches
	- try them on
	- Here are my past iterations:
		- Middle Manager
		- The Networker
		- Content Operations
		- Digital Writing Coach
		- Ranbir Singh
- try not to go viral
	- if you do, you're stuck doing something you hate
- value every interaction you get
- engage once, tweet twice
- Those hours you spent brainstorming a niche could’ve been spent writing & shipping
- Don't refresh your analytics every minute. write or go outside
- If you worry about your boss finding out about your Twitter account, you’re either living a lie online or at work. Figure out which & address it
- write down your origin story, people want to here it
- if you're trying to sell something, post actual proof you've done or are doing the thing. Otherwise no one cares
- Writing on Twitter hacked:  
1. Write 100 bad tweets  
2. 1 of them performs really well  
3. Rewrite the great tweet 1000 different ways
- engage with giant accounts from 0800-0900 EST within 1 minute of them posting
	- this is how you drive volume. drive the volume
- breaking 50, 100, 200 followers passes psychological bars for viewers, so does your profile
- don't put offers in your bio at sub 200 followers, ppl get nervous you'll pitch them something unproven
- you need to get personal. people follow people not brands.
	- most of you use your real face & name. you are a personal brand, act like a human
- Stop looking for advice
	- Take notes on the advice that resonates with you the most & type out the best advice in bold
	- Return to that advice instead. Its enough to get you there


## Book of Brand:
- Treat your ideal future as the end goal of the story.
- Make note of your past, there are a select few pivotal moments that can be your starting point of the book.
- Write down an outline of the book. What are the chapters that must be included to reach the end goal?
- Outline key points for each of those chapters.

## Outline:
- Shy anxious kid
- Won scholarship for writing
- Rebuked writing for traditional path
- Worked as a baggage handler & travelled the world on minimum wage
- Got into management & came out of shell
- Moved to new city & out of parent's house at 26
- 