---
tweets-written: 
followers: 428
weight: 88.1
---
[[Digital Garden]] | [[Tasks]] | [[Hall of Fame]] | [[Swipe File]] | [[Content Matrix]]

# Clear Writing is Clear Thinking

## Today's Tasks:
```tasks
not done
(scheduled before tomorrow) OR (no scheduled date)
short mode
```

## Tools:
- [Tweet Templates](https://www.notion.so/100-Tweet-Templates-with-Examples-fbdcc37fc2e04447ac452d310094e9d1)

## Tweets:


---
## Today's Notes:

### Amazon 6-pager memo structure:
-   **Introduction** — This needs to set up precisely what the material is going to cover and to inherently state the general direction of where the document plans on going.
-   **Goals** — List right up front what the metrics for success are so we can use them as a lens to see the remaining document through.
-   **Tenets** — This is a very Amazon thing where every action has some clearly define north star. There are a lot of ways to word these. Generally, they are inspirational pillars that the rest of the plan sits on top of (go with me on this one).
-   **State of the business** — This section is another important one. You need to inform the reader of the current state of the business. There needs to be a lot of detail here, which sets up the points to compare against in the next section.
-   **Lessons learned** — Amazon is big on data. This section will outline the current state of the business and its influence over creating the goals you need to achieve. It should be a detailed enough snapshot to give the reader all of the data they need to understand the positive and negatives activities in the prior period.
-   **Strategic priorities** — This is the meat of the document and lays out the plan, how to execute it, and should match up to achieving the goals stated at the top of the document.

# Memo to Kevin O'Connor: The State of Regional Airlines & Markets:

- Executive Summary
- Mandate of the Department
	- Oversight of the Jazz Capacity Purchase Agreement, which represents AC’s single-largest supplier contract
		- Path of dispute escalation
			- 1: Ranbir & Kirk
			- 2: Kevin & Randolph
			- 3: Amos & Colin Copp (Chorus)
	- Oversight of any additional CPAs down the line
	- Oversight of interline & codeshare partner relationships (largely dormant at the moment)
	- Key supporting role in Canadian regional community relationships (mainly airport authorities)
	- Key Internal Partners:
		- Operations & MTC: Ranbir & Bernard
		- Finance: Dimitri & Masha
		- Schedule: Eric, Andrei, Matt
		- Pilot Flow: Murray (he handles this file personally)
		- Contracts: Various contacts at SP (Karim, Christine Cartwright)
		- Community Relations: David Rheault
		- OLA: Valeria Durand
	- Key Jazz Contacts
		- See org chart attached
- Evolution of Regional Flying
	- Over the course of COVID, AC has consolidated from 4 regional CPA airlines to 1
		- Air Georgian: Wind-down initiated pre-COVID (2019)
		- EVAS: Wound down at the start of COVID (2019)
		- Sky Regional: Wound down in 2021
	- Regional flying is shrinking as a percentage of Air Canada's flying
		- From Aug 2019 to Aug 2023 (selling sked)
			- Frequencies: 57% > 45%
			- Seats: 30% > 24%
			- ASMs: 8% > 6%
	- Permanently Closed Stations:
		- YBC, YYY, YVO, YGP, YWK, YQL, YXH, YZR, YGK
	- Regional flying is shrinking as a whole
		- From Aug 2019 to Aug 2023 (selling sked)
			- Jazz vs All Express: Down 34%
			- Jazz vs Jazz: Down 7%
	- Profitability of Regional Flying
		- Jazz, AC Express
			- Var, EX oh, net profit
- Key Challenges Ahead
	- Pilot Labour
		- Flow
		- OAL Attrition
		- Captain Creation
	- Potential New CPA Partners
	- Jazz CPA Negotiations
	- DH4 Weight Increase
	- Community Files
		- Alberta/SK: Large amount of attention from caucuses
		- YGK: Appeal for air service - high profile
		- YZR: Appeal for air service - new request
		- Zita Cobb