---
tweets-written: 12
followers: 516
weight: 89.2
---
[[Digital Garden]] | [[Tasks]] | [[Hall of Fame]] | [[Swipe File]] | [[Content Matrix]]
[[CRM]] | [[Question Log]] | [[Scratchpad.canvas |Scratchpad]]


# Clear Writing is Clear Thinking

## Today's Tasks:
```tasks
not done
(scheduled before tomorrow) OR (no scheduled date)
short mode
```

## Tools:
- [Tweet Templates](https://www.notion.so/100-Tweet-Templates-with-Examples-fbdcc37fc2e04447ac452d310094e9d1)

## Tweets:


---
## Today's Notes:

# Ben Sullivan

Profile:
- Pic - add coloured background - signalled creator
- Banner - add tagline for what bluehut does (Web 3)
	- another chance to speak to your ICP
- Consider moving "The Web3 Marketing Guy" to your handle as a moniker
- Helping founders and marketers succeed with their Web 3.0 projects
- Do you want to use a spiderweb emoji for banding?
- Get rid of occupation
- Change location to CTA text
	- Let's {rocket} your project {finger}
	- Consider linking straight to booking page iso homepage
- ratio is good. keep it at 3:1 min
- Pinned tweet:
	- 2 immediate options
		- Compose and pin a book call CRA
			- If you {have problem} I can {detail soluton}. Shoot me a DM and let's discuss {your transformation}
			- Post and pin your 7 step Twitter ad playbook from Bluehut

# Questionnaire

## ICP

- Who is your Ideal Customer?
	- Web 3.0 founder - TEND TO HAVE MORE PEOPLE COMING To launch
- Experience level?
	- Experienced
- How much money do they make?
	- $300k per year ARR
	- So many different models - some are only volume and trade $ off backend
- Industry?
	- Web 3.0

## Wants & Needs

- ICP’s #1 goal?
	- Grow revenue or be market leaders
- What's stopping them?
	- Comphresive marketing strategy and being able to fulfill and execute on it
- What do they desperately NEED the most?
	- Very basic sense - we have 1 spec service
		- Paid Twitter ads - quick win
		- 5-7 days

## Struggles

What are they struggling with the most?

Why haven’t they been able to solve their problems yet?
- Lot of juvenile marking agencies around
- Everyone wants to outsource, but a lot of brand new agencies giving bad advice
- 

What’s a major roadblock holding them back from achieving success?

What are their biggest fears and pain points?
- Being scammed - not in traditional sense - wasting money on bad agency
	- We just use case studiies really good ones
- Concerned about ROI
- Not much funding (crypto winter)
	- Start talking ROI basis - establish they have enough money
	- Start doing calcs on the call



## Creating Solutions to their Problems

How do your products/services help them achieve their desired outcome?
	

How can you remove their pain points and deliver them to their goals?

What specific solutions do you have that can help them solve their problems right now?

How long will it take for you to do it?

What’s the value in you doing it? How urgent is it?
- Everyone's always more behind than they realize

## List out their 20 main questions about your product/service and come up with Solutions to each of them
- Timeline - when are things going to start moviing
- Guarantee on deadlines
- How experienced is this agency?
- How long in business?
- Profiles on team members
- Cost comes up a lot
- Concerns about timezones - we do have employees from every side of the world

Let me know what lead magnets, SOPs you have?
- 2 best ones are 
	- 1 is Solana, 1 is FTX
	- Lot of blog articles out

How much time do you have to create content?
- d

- [x] #task Write 500 follower thread ✅ 2023-03-13
- [x] #task write list tweets ✅ 2023-03-13
