---
tweets-written: 17
followers: 254
weight: 88.4
---
[[Digital Garden]] | [[Tasks]] | [[Hall of Fame]] | [[Swipe File]] | [[Content Matrix]]

# Clear Writing is Clear Thinking

## Today's Tasks:
```tasks
not done
(scheduled before tomorrow) OR (no scheduled date)
short mode
```

## Tools:
- [Tweet Templates](https://www.notion.so/100-Tweet-Templates-with-Examples-fbdcc37fc2e04447ac452d310094e9d1)

## Tweets:

This is tweet 1

---


---
## Today's Notes:

- [x] #task writers block first aid kit thread ⏳ 2023-01-27 ✅ 2023-01-27
- [x] #task cue giveaway ✅ 2023-01-23


Okay, let's talk about the power of a sentence.
 
The threat is going to be the best sentences ever written. Being able to distill your thoughts into a sentence is a superpower and then just jump into them. Code the sentence and then like one line about where it was said, that's good. Okay. But let's jump into sort of how our other sentence so you know, getting into the first principles of writing can seem boring, but there's depth to the basics. Let's talk about a sentence what is a sentence? A sentence is the basic unit of thought. So words are not thoughts, words that get put together to make sentences which are thoughts. So the basic unit of human creativity measurements in writing form is sentences, I guess, components of a sentence are x, y, and Zed. I could do a very simple way the obsidian canvas or draw diagrams.

Power of how it's constructed. That's fine.

Then what makes a good remedy?

Clarity, active versus passive voice.

Few other points okay. And then sentences as paragraphs

and

yeah, so, the subject line is not the power of a sentence. It's how to write a good sentence. That's, that's basically it. Right.

And acts tips to write better sentences might be even better.

Perfect. So that's the outline done.

Okay, from there we have the writers aid toolkit, writer's block, first aid kits in there, we're gonna put that to your test.

We're gonna put in the thing that the total mentioned today we're gonna put in this is a curated list of other writer's block eight tweets on Twitter. So think that's a easy path. They're very easy to do a search function, find that create it, long term that could become a digital product writer's block first aid kits. I like that idea. But you know what? I deviate from tweet. So, so far has been two threads. One newsletter idea here which is great.

So Curia threads in the newsletter is tactical tips on writing basics. Okay.

Next thread idea is Dan COEs book of brand and implementing it.

So

I'm going to do his exercise

that I need to think about do I want to

tag him probably

then showcase how I did the exercise myself.

At the end, didn't tag because newsletter and that'd be a good way to link myself in with him who knows may get a retweet out of that. Okay, so writers aid writers first aid kit, sentences, book of brand

and there was one other idea buried in here for a potential read so it's like three to four threads and a newsletter. Very simple to write all of those will put in the newsletter call to actions.

can get a couple of newsletters deep here but first thing just send one newsletter. Don't worry about a posting schedule, then send these threads and we'll go from here.

So that's all good. Then if I have some time, I want to journal out a little mapped out create a flow for Barnardos clients.

But really what I need to think about here is how can I come up with a offer? Because when I was here ready to work, can I come up with an offer for him?

That looks more like a partnership.

Can I supercharges offer? Start promoting it myself?

That might be a good idea.

I need to ID a little bit on that because we'll be talking next week. He's in build phase. This will grow from just me being a sweet ghostwriter, which is cool to potentially.

You is in the Cisco dry powder. It seems like he's ready to start his business. He's hungry. So what can we do here?