---
weight: 88.6
fast-length: 11.5
fast-start: 9.75
waist:
---
[[Digital Garden]] | [[Tasks |All Tasks]] | [[CRM]] | [[Question Log]]

# I Am A Content Coach

```todoist
name: Today's Tasks
filter: "#Biz & (today | overdue)" 
sorting: 
- date 
- priority 
group: true 
```

```todoist
name: Idea Bank
filter: "#Biz & /Ideas" 
sorting: 
- date 
- priority
group: true 
```
---
## Today's Notes:

There's ONE hack to fly around the world for (almost) free in your spare time:

Work for an airline

But it's not

Let me explain...

---

Obviously, pilots & flight attendants fly for free & spend nights in the places they layover.

But this thread is about the personal travel benefits airline staff get to use on their days off

Here's how those perks work:

---

Airline employees are able to fly for very cheap on empty seats that paying passengers don't buy.

From the airline's perspective, these seats would go empty anyway.

Why not offer it as a benefit to employees?

But there's a catch...

---

If any paying passengers decide to fly last minute, employees are bumped off of the flight to accommodate.

This is called flying standby.

That means there's no guarantee you'll be on the plane until the door is closed.

There's also another catch...

---

Seats are usually given to employees based on seniority.

That means that an employee who's worked there for 20 years will outrank a 1-year employee if they're standing by for the same flight.

This makes is even harder to user this benefit as a new employee.

But there's ways to cope...

---

The standby mindset:

'You can pick where you wanna go, or when, but not both'

If you want to go to Paris, there are lower demand times of year when the flights will be open enough to standy.

If you want to go somewhere in July, there's always a flight with empty seats going somewhere.

But if you want to go to Paris in July, prepare to be disappointed.

---

It's common for airline employees to arrive at the airport, look at the departure board, and pick a random place to explore.

If this sounds like your type of vacation, get a gig at an airline!

If you enjoyed this thread, hit follow for more insider airline knowledge!