---
weight: 88.5
fast-length: 12.0
fast-start: 10.5
waist:
---
[[Trackers]] | [[Question Log]]

## Omnivore Highlight:

```spotlight-note
tags=Omnivore
divWidth=100
divHeight=500
```

```todoist
name: Idea Bank
filter: "#Biz & /Ideas" 
sorting: 
- date 
- priority
group: true 
```
---
## Today's Notes:



One thing all in. That's the advice that I listen to music is focusing on something.

So far.

I've heeded that advice in my career, I focused on regional airlines within their Canada and has allowed me to reach a higher level than it would have dreamed of when I started the company. I've also focused all of my love and passion towards Sarah Lewis and my wife. So I can get to know one person as deep as humanly possible in one lifetime.

I wouldn't be able to get nearly that deep. If my attention was part of classical people. I think that is one of the wisdoms of monogamy.

Now shifting over to the matter at hand, my side hustle for lack of a better word. Have that follow that advice so far? I think conclusively I haven't. So far. I spent a lot of time and effort on Tiktok journal that I was able to scale to 5000 followers playing chess in my living room. I think that's a good signal. But then at the height of that I stopped doing it altogether.

I think had a good success one, and then had a bit of a stall and and obviously personal reasons. Mainly drop it all together.

But if I was still doing that today, I kept the same effort or energy towards that. I have no doubt I would have channel 100,000 followers, but say, very easy to imagine that and will my life be after that? Who knows?

In hindsight, that opportunity vehicle didn't make a lot of sense to me. The leverage factor doesn't really play in when you're streaming, spending many hours every day. Doesn't make a lot of sense.

I didn't enjoy it, so it makes sense to go all in. Now currently. I have a Twitter channel for her account, that I scaled to 500 plus followers took me better part of the year to do that. And I think that is an asset. I'll travel with me. It's one that I will continue to maintain with a network of people continue to maintain on the back of that and the content coach now for a program in which I am essentially for our employee with no real leverage behind it. But as the program grows, and we get more clients, I will get a chunk of those clients. And I'm paid more for that time per hour than ever Canada, but the scale behind that remains to be seen. It could go all in there. Or it could not it's an option.

Finally, I think the less viable option that I've received good single form recently is my obsidian videos on YouTube.

I'm at the point where every single one of my obsidian related videos will get at least 100 reviews organically. I think that is a good signal. I have met 378 followers on the YouTube channel 220 of those from a previous era when I would talk about tests on the channel but if you subtract that, that leaves 150 ad made organically just off of my obsidian content. I think that's a good signal.

going at this rate, the ability to have some minimum viable monetization via AdSense at 1000 followers and 4000 watch hours. It would only be a matter of time if I continue down this process. The beauty of using obsidian is it is a gateway for me to write novels for me to write long form content for me to experiment with my peripheral knowledge man involves using obsidian as a gateway drug, I'm able to talk about a lot of topics within that.

That is what we're currently currently interested in pursuing that further while at the same time managing my Twitter accounts or managing my email.

I think when it tick tock aside which has to be done, I think using these platforms and using the approach where I am writing first, essentially solving my own problems in obsidian, and then documenting how I solved my Twitter will allow me to continue to have enough of a social media presence online constantly posting makes sense to my clients and doesn't come out of left field. It will allow me to improve my writing was at the end of the day what I will be doing if I was a billionaire and at the same time allows me to pursue pursue monetization channel.

Now, at the end of this Allison will give advice is one thing all in? How do I reconcile that advice with what I've just spoken about?

That's a good question. I think at the end of all this, Twitter, YouTube, my newsletter coaching, they're all just distributed distribution channels for the core, which is writing better. So once we write better, and I want to document that process, that is really what I'm trying to get at with every single day to become a better writer and a content coach.

I am trying to become a better writer every single day

they have a good day.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai

[This note may be incomplete because it was exported before processing was finished.]