---
tweets-written: 3
followers: 517
weight: 88.4
---
[[Digital Garden]] | [[Tasks]] | [[Hall of Fame]] | [[Swipe File]] | [[Content Matrix]]
[[CRM]] | [[Question Log]] | [[Scratchpad.canvas |Scratchpad]]


# Clear Writing is Clear Thinking

## Today's Tasks:
```tasks
not done
(scheduled before tomorrow) OR (no scheduled date)
short mode
```

## Tools:
- [Tweet Templates](https://www.notion.so/100-Tweet-Templates-with-Examples-fbdcc37fc2e04447ac452d310094e9d1)

## Tweets:


---
## Today's Notes:

# Content Call:

- Intro and goals
	- Ranbir
	- Get leads via Twitter - long-tail
	- Sustainable content systems that scale with your attention and results
	- No need to pay for attention now besides 30 mins per day
	- Profile audits
	- Toolkit
	- ICP Framework - homework
	- Handling objections with content

Twitter Bios:
[Wayne The Landing Page Wizard (@WayneTheWizardd) / Twitter](https://twitter.com/WayneTheWizardd)
[https://twitter.com/brogangagemann](https://twitter.com/brogangagemann)
[https://twitter.com/thenishagarwal](https://twitter.com/thenishagarwal)
[https://twitter.com/mihir\_narula](https://twitter.com/mihir_narula)

Systems:
- how many using Hypefury or equivalent
- How many have 1x daily tweet scheduled out?
- How far out?

NIsh
- too many words in banner
- remove FREE from bio
- remove /service
- remove entrepreneur
- change profile pic to smile and face in towards content
- remove ~500 stale followings
- great pinned tweet
- don't call your ICP idiots (small point)
- post figure for social proof

Wayne
- flip pic to face in towards content
- less words in banner
	- delivering sales, leads and clients
- put a | in handle
- bio to 3 iso 3-5. don't mention how you'll help, put that in content
- outcome over sawdust
- 3 new clients in CTA
- post figure for social proof
- keep ratio in check
- pinned: great

Brogan
- 2 diff guys in bio - confusing (i know its founder)
- right side of bio is all you need
- put coloured background on profile pic.
- doing too many things in bio - focus on offer. signal you are business account
- take out location - change to CTA for click
- add a pinned tweet explaining your offer in detail and DM CTA


BREAKING THE MOULD 

Creativity is born from constraints, but thrives in the wild.

We have a hard time learning things without rules:

- How to colour inside the lines
- How to write a 3 paragraph essay
- How to play piano to the tune of Blue Moon

On Twitter, that was is 280 characters.

Or it was.

When someone 'breaks the mould' we mean they're shed the rules that governed them.

We're used to this applying to artists.

But long-form tweets show it applies to mediums too.

Silent movies started talking one day. Typewriter ink went electronic.

280 characters tweets still exist and are the norm.

But for those of us ready to shed constraints and enter the wild...

It's time to break the mould.


# Emergency Brief

Jazz Capacity Brief

- Changes in Capacity Guidance
	- Jazz's S23 peak capacity guidance has a long history which has been previously discussed. I will focus on recent developments:
	- S23 Peak (Aug) block hour guidance by postdate:
		- 07DEC: 26,251
		- 13MAR: 
			- High Scenario: 26,006
			- Low Scenario: 24,580
		- Diff. btw 07DEC & High Scenario
			- HIgh OAL Attrition in Q1
			- AC Pilot Flow reduced from 40 to 20 per month for Q2
			- Q2/Q3 pilot attrition assumed at 2 per month (unrealistic)
		- Diff. btw High Scenario & low Scenario
			- Q2/Q3 pilot attrition assumed at 12 per month

- Pilot Flow
- OAL Attrition
	- 
- Captain Creation
- PAL 
	- Based on proposed schedule, PAL would protect ~1.3k of Express capacity per month
	- CPA negots proceeding, but timeline to start summer operations is tight
-  Union Negotiations
	- Talks between AC, Jazz, ACPA & ALPA resumed last month
	- Jazz meeting with ALPA this Friday
	- Potential deal could include
		- ability to bypass soon-to-flow pilots for training
		- premiums for training & line indoc pilots
		- freeze recent upgrades on type for X time
	- ALPA will also bring new pay tables to the discussion, which Jazz will review and bring to AC
	- Overall capacity benefit could fluctuate based on final composition of deal