---
id: bd1a16bb-5884-46f0-8b08-1ddcd92ccfe1
title: On The Masculine Urge to Die in a Suicidal Cavalry Charge
author: Prester John's Revenge
date_saved: 2024-05-15 20:52:33
date_published: 2024-01-22 23:29:53
---

# On The Masculine Urge to Die in a Suicidal Cavalry Charge
#Omnivore

[Read on Omnivore](https://omnivore.app/me/https-substack-com-redirect-517-f-8-da-7-3464-486-f-b-279-1179-f-18f7ee2e88c)
[Read Original](https://presterjohnsrevenge.substack.com/p/on-the-masculine-urge-to-die-in-a?r=35nxqe&triedRedirect=true)

## Highlights

> Well, life isn’t always that simple. 2020 was a year of reckoning in many ways. I have written about my political shift before, but for the purposes of this article I will just say that I had to rethink most of my positions. I was no longer left wing in the orthodox sense, but the right wing still didn’t appeal to me. I was searching for answers and meaning in a world that no longer made sense. I got an answer in a place that I did not expect. When talking to my little sister, I was surprised to hear her recommend Jordan Peterson. Really? The sexist lobster guy? At the time, my little sister was even more of a bleeding-heart leftie than I was. So, as you can imagine, I was pretty taken aback. But I loved my sister and was willing to hear her out. She talked about how, amongst other things, Peterson’s works helped her overcome addiction. How taking responsibility gave her meaning and purpose. I was skeptical, but after another similar conversation with another friend who I respected and knew wasn’t some woman-hating trans-basher, I gave Peterson a chance. After all, strange times create strange allies, right? [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/https-substack-com-redirect-517-f-8-da-7-3464-486-f-b-279-1179-f-18f7ee2e88c#416fb858-501c-46d5-a130-c1bc485a921a) 

> But what can we do with this urge? Is there a way to salvage traditional masculine ideals? There have been many who have bemoaned these ideals and how harmful they can be to both men and women when this urge is misdirected or co-opted by bad actors- this is what feminist scholars have called “toxic masculinity.”. In a lot of ways, I think they have a point. There are endless examples of this desire being used in destructive ways. Where they fail, however, is not having anything to replace it with. If you want to look at the masculine ideal as a drug, it’s like an upper. Meth, cocaine or (in my case) prescription pills can get the job done- you feel like you can do anything when you’re on them. However, as any addiction specialist will tell you, it’s not enough to go cold turkey. There needs to be something you replace it with. And having read a lot of feminist literature and discourse, for the most part all they offer is platitudes that go nowhere and offer nothing but scorn or condescension. That is why I believe figures on the cultural right like Jordan Peterson will always be popular- they offer the narrative that young men can be heroes and conquerors. And hey, between the ideological equivalent of pure, Colombian cocaine and the ideological equivalent of telling an addict that they are bad people for wanting their fix and that they should just drink a glass of water and go to bed I don’t think it’s a mystery why so may choose to go the way of Peterson. Of course, there are always teetotalers, evangelical former addicts and the seductive draw of being a moralizing nag that we see on the cultural left, but this is not a long-term solution. And after all, most addicts will relapse eventually.  [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/https-substack-com-redirect-517-f-8-da-7-3464-486-f-b-279-1179-f-18f7ee2e88c#47494d97-0e7f-43c1-a1df-83d27940b105) 

> Maybe this is the solution. In our modern world, there aren’t often the easy enemies of hordes of inhuman orcs that one can set oneself against in an uncomplicated conflict. The modern world is a complicated place with complicated problems that defy easy answers. We all, and men in particular, still want and need a narrative. We all still need to be the heroes of our own story. More often than not, men today find themselves in the shoes of Emperor Meiji- at a crossroads between the paths of modernity and tradition. Our struggle is not one of heroes against villains, but the internal struggle what kind of person you want to be. If you want to check out and numb yourself with pleasure there are endless options for that. You can be a passive coward and merely exist in blissful ignorance. If you want to be a hero, there are endless unscrupulous forces that will take advantage of that desire. But as I learned, this urge is not enough in and of itself. You will find yourself misused and charging into the line of fire of a gatling gun one way or another. [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/https-substack-com-redirect-517-f-8-da-7-3464-486-f-b-279-1179-f-18f7ee2e88c#3b18ca12-27a7-4bfc-8b96-835c8ece20c0) 

> So, I say Nathan Algren is the hero that we should strive to be in the modern day. Acknowledge the value of the past and the values that it represents. As Emperor Meiji says, “Do not forget who you are and where you come from.” Acknowledge that this is a desire that exists within you. Do not, however, let it consume you. Do not live your life like you are constantly on a suicidal charge into the future. I know firsthand where that can lead you. I can’t tell you what that will mean for you and what it will look like, but I can tell you that it’s always important to realize you must keep on living. I don’t know what the future holds, but I do think things are going to get very difficult within our lifetime. We will likely live to see events that will change the world for generations to come. Our age is going to need heroes, but dying for a cause isn’t going to be enough- we will need those who are willing to live for one. [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/https-substack-com-redirect-517-f-8-da-7-3464-486-f-b-279-1179-f-18f7ee2e88c#77c0ec3d-63b5-4f39-8566-19ba7a4cf576) 

