---
id: c57585a3-da99-404f-97f7-976503f8a26c
title: The Case for Colonialism by Bruce Gilley | NAS
author: Bruce Gilley
date_saved: 2023-09-28 10:19:18
date_published: 2023-01-09 19:00:00
---

# The Case for Colonialism by Bruce Gilley | NAS
#Omnivore

[Read on Omnivore](https://omnivore.app/me/https-substack-com-redirect-531-be-197-4-ee-4-4-ee-0-bc-1-c-4-af-18adc286aa5)
[Read Original](https://substack.com/redirect/531be197-4ee4-4ee0-bc1c-4af21f6831f1?j=eyJ1IjoiMmRhb2g5In0.wNQVXQHZPXVUS1Y9mudnycQLeZdn6NlNz8QmOlkqvQQ)

## Highlights

> Colonialism can return (either as a governance style or as an extension of Western authority) only with the consent of the colonized. Yet now that the nationalist generation that forced sudden decolonization on hapless populations has passed away, the time may be ripe. Sèbe has documented how the founding figures of Western colonialism in Africa (such as Livingstone in Zambia, Lugard in Nigeria, and de Brazza in Congo) are enjoying a resurgence of official and social respect in those countries now that romanticized pre-colonial and disappointing post-colonial approaches to governance have lost their sheen.[1](#%5Fftn1) As one young man on the streets of Kinshasa asked Van Reybrouck in his seminal 2010 book on the Congo: “How long is this independence of ours going to last anyway? When are the Belgians coming back?”[2](#%5Fftn2) [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/https-substack-com-redirect-531-be-197-4-ee-4-4-ee-0-bc-1-c-4-af-18adc286aa5#941a489c-4ced-4483-8dbd-50133477a4bf) 

> Such works have found evidence for significant social, economic, and political gains under colonialism: expanded education; improved public health; the abolition of slavery; widened employment opportunities; improved administration; the creation of basic infrastructure; female rights; enfranchisement of untouchable or historically excluded communities; fair taxation; access to capital; the generation of historical and cultural knowledge; and national identity formation, to mention just a few dimensions.[16](#%5Fftn16) [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/https-substack-com-redirect-531-be-197-4-ee-4-4-ee-0-bc-1-c-4-af-18adc286aa5#2b01e0c9-25db-46a9-a8ba-eb8b8a149f29) 

> Patrice Lumumba, who became an anti-colonial agitator only very late, praised Belgian colonial rule in his autobiography of 1962 for “restoring our human dignity and turning us into free, happy, vigorous, and civilized men.”[22](#%5Fftn22) Chinua Achebe’s many pro-colonial statements, meanwhile, have been virtually airbrushed from memory by anti-colonial ideology.[23](#%5Fftn23) The few scholars who take note of such evidence typically dismiss it as a form of false consciousness.[24](#%5Fftn24) [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/https-substack-com-redirect-531-be-197-4-ee-4-4-ee-0-bc-1-c-4-af-18adc286aa5#8882dbe1-2288-4dfc-825c-0a975daebfd5) 

> Few cases better illustrate this than Guinea-Bissau and its anti-colonial “hero” Amilcar Cabral. In launching a guerrilla war against Portuguese rule in 1963 Cabral insisted that it was “necessary to totally destroy, to break, to reduce to ash all aspects of the colonial state in our country in order to make everything possible for our people.” He took aim at a successful colonial state that had quadrupled rice production and initiated sustained gains in life expectancy since bringing the territory under control in 1936.[28](#%5Fftn28) Cabral, in his own words, was “never able to mobilize the people on the basis of the struggle against colonialism.”[29](#%5Fftn29) Instead, he secured training and arms from Cuba, Russia, and Czechoslovakia and economic assistance from Sweden.[30](#%5Fftn30) The resulting war killed fifteen thousand people (out of a population of 600,000) and at least as many civilians, and displaced another 150,000 (a quarter of the population).
> 
> Once “liberation” was achieved in 1974, a second human tragedy unfolded, costing at least 10,000 further lives as a direct result of conflict. By 1980, rice production had fallen by more than 50 percent to eighty thousand tons (from a peak of 182,000 tons under the Portuguese). Politics became a “cantankerous din of former revolutionaries” in the words of Forrest.[31](#%5Fftn31) Cabral’s half-brother, who became president, unleashed the secret police on the tiny opposition—five hundred bodies were found in three mass graves for dissidents in 1981.[32](#%5Fftn32) A tenth of the remaining population pulled up stakes for Senegal.[33](#%5Fftn33) The Cabralian one-party state expanded to fifteen thousand employees, ten times as big as the Portuguese administration at its peak.[34](#%5Fftn34) Confused Marxist scholars blamed the legacies of colonialism or the weather or Israel.[35](#%5Fftn35)
> 
> Things have gotten worse. Guinea-Bissau has a more or less permanent UN peacekeeping force and continues to suck up millions in aid as the “continuadores de Cabral” squabble under what the World Bank calls “continuing political disarray.”[36](#%5Fftn36) Today, in per capita terms, rice production is still only one-third of what it was under the Portuguese despite forty years of international aid and technological advances. The health transition, meanwhile, slowed considerably after independence. By 2015, the average Guinea-Bissauan was living to just fifty-five, meaning gains of just 0.3 years of extra life per year since independence, less than half of the 0.73 extra years of life per year being gained in the late colonial period. What might have become a prosperous and humane Macau or Goa of Africa is today a cesspool of human suffering. Western and African anti-colonial scholars continue to extol Cabral’s “national liberation” ideas.[37](#%5Fftn37) But actually existing Guineans may be asking: when are the Portuguese coming back? [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/https-substack-com-redirect-531-be-197-4-ee-4-4-ee-0-bc-1-c-4-af-18adc286aa5#a2e4c6b2-0221-45b7-92a4-4340a3bed101) 

> Chatterjee Miller argues that it is the responsibility of the West to be “sensitive” to these anti-colonial viewpoints. An alternative view is that it is the responsibility of the West to help these nations kick the habit. After all, Britain’s rise is surely inseparable from the ways that it embraced and celebrated its colonizers from the Romans through to the Normans. If anti-colonial sentiments had gone unchallenged in Britain, the country today would be a backwater of druid worshippers. [⤴️](https://omnivore.app/me/https-substack-com-redirect-531-be-197-4-ee-4-4-ee-0-bc-1-c-4-af-18adc286aa5#01b7d0cf-1f86-4245-a8e8-a06764723361) 

