---
tweets-written: 6
followers: 96
weight: 88.1
---
[[Hall of Fame]] | [[Swipe File]] | [[Content Matrix]] | [[Trackers]] | [[Thread Ideas]]

# What would a writer do today?

## To-Do:
- [x] Ensure 1 tweet scheduled for the next day
- [x] 0800-0915: Engage with Aspirational
- [x] Engage with Aspirational comments ✅ 2022-12-08
- [x] Engage with the Next Step
- [x] Engage with Peers
- [x] Send 1 DM
- [x] Write 6 tweets
- [x] Work on the next thread ✅ 2022-12-08
- [x] Publish tweets
- [x] Build Thread capture ✅ 2022-12-08
- [x] Build Charts ✅ 2022-12-08
- [x] Build Dashboard ✅ 2022-12-08

## Next Thread: [[100 Followers. 100 Lessons. (Thread)]]

---
## Tweets:

I dare AI to try copying my special brand of strange.

- [x] Tweet 1 | Type: Growth

---

I respect people for the way they think.

I should've realized sooner that the right people would only respect me once they got a peek inside my head.

- [x] Tweet 2 | Type: Personality

---

If you can articulate complex ideas in 4-letter words you'll be unstoppable.

- [x] Tweet 3 | Type: Growth

---

Online business lets people give their money to real people instead of faceless corporations. Business writers should lean into that.

- [x] Tweet 4 | Type: Growth

---

I used to start my morning by:

• reading 10 newsletters
• checking all my inboxes
• engaging with my Twitter network

Now I start by writing.

Make sure you're not putting 30 tasks before the most important one.

- [x] Tweet 5 | Type: Authority

---

I organize my digital writing in Obsidian.

I'm able to:

- manage checklists
- write content
- build my swipe file
- track analytics

All in 1 app.

- [x] Tweet 6 | Type: Authority

---

---
## Today's Notes:

- [x] 100 followers. 100 lessons #thread ✅ 2022-12-14
- [ ] How i earned 50k impressions off one post #thread 
- [ ] If you're not creating content you're missing out on the best way to leverage yourself. But don't take it from me. Here are x articles, x videos & x threads from the best thought leaders explaining why content is leverage #thread 
- [ ] ventakesh rao #thread 
- [ ] murakami #thread 
- [ ] Jake Adelstein #thread 
- [ ] What is engagement really? #thread 

