So for my content system, I think I could work something out where my scheduling of tweets could be done in obsidian. So when I schedule it, even if you just put a tag with the date on the tweet, and then it can pop up in a workflow of like a calendar view, and it shows all the tweets, I think that's possible with this new API. Along with that, I can do my composition, in obsidian with Grammarly as well as

as well as that tweet formatting with the line breaks that the tweet API has, that'll be great.

Along with that. Perhaps I could build some hashtags and frontmatter above the thread start or above the tweet start maybe that could work to to link all my tweets together. Maybe the front matter but also show date posted and a couple other metrics and I can resurface things over time that I've tweeted, that would be really good.

Along with that, let me think, what else could we do?

Along with that? All of my research zettelkasten know taking a journal entries, all that kind of stuff can weave in with my tweets, if I'm able to tag things back and forth. That would be amazing. So your Twitter history is weaves in directly with your zettelkasten and works together there. I think there's some synergy to be banned there and the friction.

The ultimate goal of this is the friction I am adding by using obsidian as my tweet and thread scheduling publishing tool should be outweighed by the friction and reducing by having my ideation long form, publishing all of that woven in into one app. So that's the goal there.

Now let's talk next about what I'm doing with my new niche new bio and everything so my bio and Manisha everything is going to become more authentic to who I am myself as a person no longer feels as heavy as if I'm selling something to the user.

My Course Schedule also, for a beginner is intimidating. So previous to that it was probably a little intimidating, lack social proof because we might as a coach with like less than 100 followers.

And then also maybe like more of a personal touch. I think my new one countered that a bit back to being just my name and I think I should make a commitment to just keep it as my name. Don't need hacks just need to be myself.

Also the intersection of writing, management and lifelong learning. I think that's as crystallized as I can get.

General buckets in which everything intersects for me.

I like that long term, my Lincoln bio will switch over to be obsidian where I'm building everything out my content engine, my my daily notes, as well as myself caston and all those being built up there. So that could plug it into an obsidian publish site when I'm ready, no need to build that yet.

And kind of get to that point. Once I actually trial the system a little bit and then it's got some wear and tear around in the wind tunnel.

Trim terms of my content cadence.

Engagement definitely needs to be a big part of it.

I've systemized that a little bit. Now I just need to sync refine that over time. I've got a netbook here. I've got heartache PJ Jess. That's the file. Potentially Henry has people that I'm chatting back and forth with and that I'm giving and taking with so that's nice.

I can see the beginnings, the first fledgeling nodes of the network forming there.

That's very good.

could read a couple of tweets on that. I don't want to seem to transaction with the people I'm talking to but we'll see. Maybe I can anonymize that and put that out there.

Along with that, I think my tweet schedule cadence is there.

should change again. Obviously, my last coded schedule was based on this coaching service which Wow, that's very, that's not a thing anymore. Even though I've only done it for a week, and everything hasn't really gotten out yet.

That's good to know. I think all the attention I got from the stats post from mine with minimal followers after was a big indicator to me. It got that attention.

That the failure of not having a call to action.

But also along with that profile conversion was very weak. So that was probably a signal to change things up a little bit.

Optimize there, so that's fine. Taking that lesson. That's how I see that lesson playing itself out. So my new content schedule, I think, simplest way I feel like so the issue is structure makes it easier to guide what I'm putting in each tweet. But the downside is shoehorns V has me looking for things and shoehorning them into my plan and maybe has become less authentic.

Also is less enjoyable. So the other thing I want to think about with my new content strategy is to instead of having to shoehorn and have that flexibility within that my curiosity take me what's gonna tick, but have a high level category like what is this trying to accomplish? So, the quarter Robertson's idea of having growth authority and personality, I think that makes sense to me.

Also, general often I could kind of pop tweets in there, not worry about it too much. I can also tag tweets as growth authority personalities, and it'd be a nice way to put the content engine to the city.

So growth you know, you're, you're vibrant for likes, retweets, Petitioner follows. Its surface level, high dopamine content. Bang, bang, bang, copywriting authority has shown what you've done. So is it useful for me what am I building what am I working towards?

Then personality, even the backstory?

My mindset, some humor, is that all make sense? When it's me, that's cool. So really content types. On top of that, I can put in is this about writing is about management because it's about lifelong learning.

So that gives me a matrix of nine which is good talking about writing, learning, if I really want to, but maybe nine times is enough.

I would think so. And then not about sticking to it. It's kind of like when I'm in the editor and I'm typing a tweet, tag it quickly. This is growth.

Management.

If I contact you, I can really see what the remembering of do for me.

What is my next stack of tweets look like? Then I can hopefully come up with a system where they could edit things out or jump right in and pop something in the middle.

could work out over time. Definitely an investment here. Just procrastination baked into this but there's also a bit of a build this as you go and show people what you're doing.

So I think I should do that. This will basically the build out of this. Don't want to make it too monstrous. I think initially I just want the the tweeting part of it weaving in this little calculators for later but just have the minimal viable product there on the APA.

As I build that, I can talk about that. That'd be great.

This has been to the journal entry. Stay Frosty.

---
Do I want to create a database folder or project for my workflow?
Works well with things that need their own file
I can perhaps batch tweets for a week in a file?
Threads need more time so it can work for them?