---
tweets-written: 6
followers: 102
weight: 88
---
[[Digital Garden]] | [[Hall of Fame]] | [[Swipe File]] | [[Content Matrix]] | [[Thread Ideas]]

# What would a writer do today?

## To-Do:
- [x] Ensure 1 tweet scheduled for the next day ✅ 2022-12-16
- [x] 0800-0915: Engage with Aspirational ✅ 2022-12-16
- [x] Engage with Aspirational comments ✅ 2022-12-16
- [x] Engage with the Next Step ✅ 2022-12-16
- [x] Engage with Peers ✅ 2022-12-16
- [ ] Send 1 DM
- [x] Write 6 tweets ✅ 2022-12-16
- [ ] Work on the next thread
- [x] Publish tweets ✅ 2022-12-16
- [x] Respond to all mentions ✅ 2022-12-16

## Next Thread: [[Write Once. Tweet Twice. (Thread)]]
---
## Tweets:

Every 2 days I get tempted to start a newsletter.

Then I look at the note on my desk.

It reads: "Write good tweets & threads. Every day."

Stay on mission.

- [x] *Tweet 1 | Type: Personality ✅ 2022-12-16

---

If people's actions surprise you, you're giving them too little credit.

- [x] *Tweet 2 | Type: Personality ✅ 2022-12-16

---

Working for an airline is the biggest unlock for travel junkies:

• free or very cheap airfare
• network of friends at other airlines
• steep discounts for hotels & rental cars

No better job if you're optimizing for travel.

- [x] *Tweet 3 | Type: Personality ✅ 2022-12-16

---

I travelled to over 40 countries in 5 years.

The tradeoff: No strong friend community at 'home.'

Everything has its price.

- [x] *Tweet 4 | Type: Personality ✅ 2022-12-16

---

The 1st Law of Twitter:

Less Nuance = More Engagement

- [x] *Tweet 5 | Type: Growth ✅ 2022-12-16

---

Stop checking how many likes your last tweet got.

Write your next tweet.

- [x] *Tweet 6 | Type: Growth ✅ 2022-12-16

---

---
## Today's Notes:

- my greatest problem is persistence
- Persistence at writing for writing's sake iso dopamine via likes
- Antonio is offering his niche building service for free via cold DM.
- I accepted, but he is taking forever to respond
- Do his coaching program and take notes for my own. Play the metagame