What's everything that happens to Happy in the story?

- Struggles with physical appearance (turban/beard)
- Struggles with dating
- Dabbles in crime
- Lives with hoarder & alcoholic
- Must shed expectations & figure out how he wants to live his life
- I need to give him a drive

- Hero
- Trigger
- Outcome

- A young Sikh man lashes out against his presribed life from family & his best friend, before he accepts that he wants to walk a lonely path.

## Accepting Who You Are

A young person comes to terms with being different from the rest of his family or friends. He goes through the trials of facing why he is different -- physical, mental or personal -- and comes out at the end of the story as accepting who he is. This theme could reflect gender issues, relationships or decisions on what he wants out of life. Not following in his father's footsteps and striking out on his own life plan or moving away from the family's beliefs.


How can I write 90 tweets in a month?

- AM1: Tip
- AM2: Share
- PM: Question

Exploring [[Worldview Genre]]:
https://rachelleramirez.com/how-to-write-the-worldview-coming-of-age-story/

# Worldview Conventions:
-   The protagonist has at least one strong mentor figure
-   At least one large social problem is the subtext of the story: ageism, racism, misogyny, and class
-   There is a clear threat of escalating danger, even if the danger is limited to the psyche of the protagonist
-   Character development is accelerated, generally happening much faster and more definitively than in “real life.”

# Obligatory Scenes:
- “must-have scenes for paying off readers’ expectations as set up by the conventions of the genre.”

-   Inciting incident that challenges the protagonist’s worldview.
-   The protagonist denies responsibility to respond to the opportunity or challenge
-   Forced to respond, the protagonist lashes out against requirement to change behavior. They resist change and rely on old habits
-   The protagonist learns what the external antagonist’s object of desire is.
-   The protagonist’s initial strategy to outmaneuver the antagonist fails.
-   There is a clear “point of no return,” the moment when the Protagonist knows they can never go back to the way things used to be. 
	- There must be a precise moment when the protagonist’s worldview is knocked out of alignment.
-   During an All Is Lost moment, the protagonist realizes they must change their black-and-white view of the world to allow for the paradoxical nature of life.
-   The protagonist’s gifts are expressed as acceptance of an imperfect world. This is the **Core Event** of the Worldview story.
-   The Protagonist’s loss of innocence is rewarded with a deeper understanding of the universe based on their action in the Core Event.
-   There is a paradoxical win-but-lose, lose-but-win, bittersweet ending. The protagonist gets what they need, not what they want, or vice-versa. There are clear sacrifices either way.

#### **What are the four Worldview subgenres?**

**Maturation**

The Maturation story is about the protagonist’s shift in worldview from naiveté to sophistication. The **Core Emotion** for the reader or viewer at the end of this story is either hope and satisfaction, or relief, at the protagonist’s having emerged whole from a threat to their belief system. The **Controlling Idea** of a Maturation story on the positive side is: Sophistication prevails when we learn to express our gifts in a world which we accept as paradoxical and imperfect. The character begins as flawed, with a negative attitude regarding some aspect of life. Their story arc is an attitude change from negative to positive. A less common variation is the negative version in which the flawed character fails to grow or mature: Naiveté reigns when we fail to accept the paradoxical and imperfect nature of the world. **Examples** of the Maturation story are the movies _Saturday Night Fever;_ _Love, Simon_; and _The 40-Year-Old Virgin_; the novel _Cerberon_; and the TV series _Friends_ (comedy) and _Dawson’s Creek_ (drama).

**Disillusionment**

The Disillusionment story is about the protagonist’s shift in worldview from belief to disillusionment. The protagonist begins with an optimistic or positive view of some aspect of life, and ends with a negative or pessimistic view of it. Sometimes referred to as the Degradation Plot, this story is essentially the opposite of the Education plot. The **Core Emotion** the reader or viewer seeks from a Disillusionment story is a feeling of loss or pity for the protagonist whose belief has been eroded. The **Controlling Idea** of a Disillusionment story is: Disillusionment reigns when we fail to accept the paradoxical nature of the world. The flawed character begins with a positive attitude regarding some aspect of life.Their story arc is an attitude change from positive to negative. **Examples** of the Disillusionment story are the novels _The Great Gatsby_ and _Love Me Back._

**Education**

The Education story is about a protagonist’s shift in worldview from meaninglessness to meaning. A sympathetic protagonist faces a threat of some sort to their view of life, and emerges into a new and better kind of wholeness at the end. Their story arc is an attitude change in which the familiar takes on new meaning. The Education story is not written to educate the reader, but to show the protagonist “becoming someone.” This story is essentially the opposite of the Disillusionment plot. The **Core Emotion** the audience is searching for in this story is relief and pleasure at the protagonist’s having emerged whole from a threat to their belief system. The **Controlling Idea** of an Education story is: We gain meaning when we learn to express our gifts in a world that we accept as paradoxical and imperfect. **Examples** of the Education story are _Educating Rita, Tender Me__rcies_, and _How the Grinch Stole Christmas._

**Revelation**

The revelation story is about the protagonist’s shift in worldview from ignorance to knowledge, through the revelation of hidden information. The **Core Emotion** the reader or viewer feels at the end of this story is relief or satisfaction when the protagonist learns what is essential in time to avoid disaster; or pity and horror when the protagonist finds out too late. The **Controlling Idea** of a Revelation story is: Right action is possible only when we have clear knowledge of reality; OR Disaster reigns when live in ignorance of reality. The character begins lacking some crucial knowledge. Their story arc is a change in both attitude and action as the missing knowledge is revealed. **Examples** of the Revelation story are _Oedipus Rex_ and _Arrival_.

---

## What Is a Coming-of-Age Story?

A **coming-of-age story** focuses on detailing the growth of the protagonist from a child to an adult. The majority of these works typically follow pre-teens and teenagers who are traversing into the world of adulthood. This genre of literature has been around for centuries and can be found in children's stories, classic literature, contemporary novels, as well as in movies and television. It's a genre that is applicable to all of humanity, which makes it a meaningful and popular way in which to present various ideas regarding the maturation process. 

### Coming of Age Story Definition

Throughout the plot of a coming-of-age story, a youthful protagonist goes on a journey, which can be physical, psychological, or spiritual. Overall, coming of age stories typically contain the following characteristics: 

-   **Loss of innocence:** The loss of innocence within a coming-of-age story can happen in a variety of ways, which can be narrowed down to two general methods: 

1.  The protagonist loses their innocence at the beginning of the story and must navigate their world without it, thus leading to transformation or personal growth. 
2.  The majority of the plot focuses on the gradual loss of innocence, or the protagonist shedding their innocence during the story's climax. Throughout the majority of works, the protagonists' loss of innocence is not something they purposefully cause, as it is due to ignorance of how the world truly functions. 

-   **Journey:** After the protagonist has lost their innocence or is in the process of losing it, they characteristically begin a journey that leads to their transformation and growth. This journey can be physical, psychological, or spiritual. The trials and tribulations experienced by the protagonist can often be painful and cause suffering, yet it is this discomfort that allows them to completely shed their youthful innocence and become a more aware (and hopefully mature) adult. 
-   **Transformation and personal growth:** The transformation the protagonist faces is mainly due to the experiences they have on their journey, whether positive or negative. Since the conflict typically arises due to the protagonist's misunderstanding of their society, the growth they experience is entirely internal, as it is their understanding and shift in perspective that allows them to mature. 
-   **Change in perspective:** The new perspective the protagonist achieves due to the growth they experience along their journey provides them with a better understanding of the world. This understanding can help them improve the way in which they navigate the world, whether it opens their eyes to the benefits of maturation or highlights how to traverse through both the positive and negative aspects of reality. 

### What is a Bildungsroman?

Whereas coming of age and bildungsroman are often used interchangeably, the latter is more accurately defined as a subgenre of the former. A **bildungsroman** — _bildung_ meaning "education, formation, and growth", and _roman_ meaning "novel" — focuses much more on the **psychological growth** of the protagonist from losing their childhood to becoming a mature adult. On the other hand, a coming-of-age story in general is a catch-all reference to a story that revolves around a young person transitioning into adulthood. Therefore, while all bildungsroman stories revolve around coming of age, not all coming of age stories are classified as a bildungsroman.

**_Catcher in the Rye_ by J.D. Salinger**

-   **Loss of innocence:** Salinger introduces his protagonist, Holden Caufield, a 17-year-old young man who is in a psychiatric facility due to a mental breakdown. Salinger initially highlights Holden's loss of innocence by placing him in a psychiatric ward. It is the story Holden tells the reader that provides insight into what provoked this loss. 
-   **Journey:** Holden proceeds to inform the reader of the journey he took upon being expelled from prep school the previous year. Because he cannot bear to tell his parents of the expulsion, he decides to check himself into a cheap hotel. While in Manhattan, Holden wants to act like a mature adult; therefore, he hires a sex worker in hopes of losing his virginity. However, once she arrives, he cannot go through with it. He then proceeds to develop a relationship with a girl named Sally, who he asks to run away with him. She refuses his request, so he promptly calls her names, signifying his lack of maturity. Throughout the rest of his time in the city, he is beat up, robbed, and gets drunk a few times. He eventually sneaks back into his parents' home where he happens upon his younger sister. He starts to detail all of his anxieties and eventually recognizes that he never got over the death of his brother. 
-   **Transformation/personal growth:** Throughout his journey, Holden tries to convince both himself and others that he is mature enough to survive the real world on his own. However, as he faces so much conflict as he tries to behave in a manner that is beyond his years, he discovers more about himself and decides to alter his path. 
-   **Change in perspective:** After his journey, Holden looks at his life and the world much differently. Whereas he initially found himself to be the only truly "real" person in a world of "phonies," he discovered that he is trying to grow up way too fast and his behavior is actually due to his internal anxieties and depression from the death of his brother. 