---
tweets-written: 7
followers: 99
weight: 87
---
[[Digital Garden]] | [[Hall of Fame]] | [[Swipe File]] | [[Content Matrix]] | [[Thread Ideas]]

# What would a writer do today?

## To-Do:
- [x] Ensure 1 tweet scheduled for the next day ✅ 2022-12-12
- [x] 0800-0915: Engage with Aspirational ✅ 2022-12-12
- [x] Engage with Aspirational comments ✅ 2022-12-12
- [x] Engage with the Next Step ✅ 2022-12-12
- [x] Engage with Peers ✅ 2022-12-12
- [x] Send 1 DM ✅ 2022-12-12
- [x] Write 6 tweets ✅ 2022-12-12
- [x] Work on the next thread ✅ 2022-12-12
- [x] Publish tweets ✅ 2022-12-12
- [x] Respond to all mentions ✅ 2022-12-12

## Next Thread: [[100 Followers. 100 Lessons. (Thread)]]
---
## Tweets:

I take 2 buses & 2 subway lines to get to the office (time: 1h10m)

I usually engage with 10 accounts & write 3 good tweets by the time I get there.

Find the time.

(I relax on the way home.)

- [x] *Tweet 1 | Type: Growth ✅ 2022-12-12

---

Tips to grow your Twitter while on public transit:

Use progressive web apps:
- Engage with TweetDeck
- Write thread drafts with @typefully
- Rapid-fire tweets into your queue with @hypefury

- [x] *Tweet 2 | Type: Authority ✅ 2022-12-12

---

If you feel writers block, you're not journaling enough.

If you feel stagnant, you're not engaging enough.

If you feel exhausted, you're not resting enough.

- [x] *Tweet 3 | Type: Growth ✅ 2022-12-12

---
If you want to know something, ask the question.

Don't self-opt out of the info you're looking for. 

Let the source decide.
- [x] *Tweet 4 | Type: Growth ✅ 2022-12-12

---
Prove them wrong.
- [x] *Tweet 5 | Type: Growth ✅ 2022-12-12

---
Normalize not talking for the sake of talking.

If you don't have a point worth everyone's time, don't talk.

We all thank you in advance.
- [x] *Tweet 6 | Type: Growth ✅ 2022-12-12

---
How to turn your consumption into creation:

The Information "T"

- Go deep on learning a few skills
- Go wide on reading unrelated interests

This allows you to layer fresh perspective onto your expertise.

h/t @nick_dewilde

https://junglegym.substack.com/p/the-t-shaped-information-diet
- [x] *Tweet 7 | Type: Authority ✅ 2022-12-12
---
## Today's Notes:

- [ ] Emily the criminal #thread 
- [ ] Productive daily commute thread #thread
- Thread of growth threads:
	- https://twitter.com/PathToIkigai/status/1602324097173692417?s=20&t=HY569UsjasE1yRplca4ouA