---
tweets-written: 8
followers: 97
weight: 87.7
---
[[Digital Garden]] | [[Hall of Fame]] | [[Swipe File]] | [[Content Matrix]] | [[Thread Ideas]]

# What would a writer do today?

## To-Do:
- [x] Ensure 1 tweet scheduled for the next day ✅ 2022-12-10
- [ ] 0800-0915: Engage with Aspirational
- [ ] Engage with Aspirational comments
- [x] Engage with the Next Step ✅ 2022-12-11
- [x] Engage with Peers ✅ 2022-12-11
- [x] Send 1 DM ✅ 2022-12-10
- [x] Write 6 tweets ✅ 2022-12-10
- [ ] Work on the next thread
- [x] Publish tweets ✅ 2022-12-10
- [x] Respond to all mentions ✅ 2022-12-10

## Next Thread: [[100 Followers. 100 Lessons. (Thread)]]
---
## Tweets:

My wife & I are trying @eve_rodsky 's Fair Play system to manage our home workload.

Each card represents a household responsibility.

Both of us built our decks to visualize our share.

Eye-opening.

Gamification is a powerful tool for good.

https://www.fairplaylife.com/the-cards

- [x] *Tweet 1 | Type: Personality ✅ 2022-12-10

---

Twitter is just a conversation at scale.

And a good conversation is balanced:

- simplicity vs detail
- staying on vs changing topic
- asking vs answering questions

If you can scale & stay balanced, you'll win. 

- [x] *Tweet 2 | Type: Growth ✅ 2022-12-10

---

Make tweets the byproduct of your daily life.

Content gets a LOT easier.

- [x] *Tweet 3 | Type: Growth ✅ 2022-12-10

---

If your only goal is to write for your pleasure...

Congratulations. You may log off & enjoy your life.

You've won the game.

If your goals include writing for others, you need to be tweeting a LOT more.

I'll be right here with you.

- [x] *Tweet 4 | Type: Growth ✅ 2022-12-10

---

You become a great writer by creating non-obvious ideas.

Like this:

- An AI chatbot for therapy
- A haircare salon for Sikh men

Surprising connections lead to big upside.

- [x] *Tweet 5 | Type: Authority ✅ 2022-12-10

---

I've received so much free value from @morganhousel 's blog.

Today I saw The Psychology of Money at the bookstore.

I was happy that I could finally pay him some money. 

I felt like I owed him.

That's the power of digital writing.

- [x] *Tweet 6 | Type: Growth ✅ 2022-12-10

---

Writing is an unlock for thoughtfulness:

Write down:
- Gift ideas when your wife mentions something she likes
- A reminder when your friend asks you to drop by his open mic
- Meeting notes that your absent colleagues will be grateful for

- [x] *Tweet 7 | Type: Personality ✅ 2022-12-10
---

Saturday after 1200 EST is a dead zone for engagement on Twitter.

People are busy with their lives, which is a good thing.

Tweak your schedule to post less.

Save your content for when your audience is on.

Take an excuse to make it easy on yourself

- [x] *Tweet 8 | Type Authority ✅ 2022-12-10
---
## Today's Notes:

- money manager
- Make key dates sheet - done
- Figure out quarterly review dates - done
- Get wedding photos printed - done
- Shared calendar - done