---
tweets-written: 7
followers: 98
weight: 87.3
---
[[Digital Garden]] | [[Hall of Fame]] | [[Swipe File]] | [[Content Matrix]] | [[Thread Ideas]]

# What would a writer do today?

## To-Do:
- [x] Ensure 1 tweet scheduled for the next day ✅ 2022-12-11
- [x] 0800-0915: Engage with Aspirational ✅ 2022-12-11
- [x] Engage with Aspirational comments ✅ 2022-12-11
- [x] Engage with the Next Step ✅ 2022-12-11
- [x] Engage with Peers ✅ 2022-12-11
- [x] Send 1 DM ✅ 2022-12-11
- [x] Write 6 tweets ✅ 2022-12-11
- [x] Work on the next thread ✅ 2022-12-11
- [x] Publish tweets ✅ 2022-12-11
- [x] Respond to all mentions ✅ 2022-12-11
- [x] Respond to Sean's other shoutouts ✅ 2022-12-11

## Next Thread: [[100 Followers. 100 Lessons. (Thread)]]
---
## Tweets:

The 3rd Law of Twitter:

High-growth days are followed immediately by low-growth days.

- [x] *Tweet 1 | Type: Growth ✅ 2022-12-11

---

December 17th, 2009 was the worst day of my life.

• My 1988 Corolla died for good
• Got fired from my minimum-wage job
• On the verge of finishing a useless degree

Family & friends were all I had left. And it was enough.

Call someone who's helped you & thank them.

- [x] *Tweet 2 | Type: Personality ✅ 2022-12-11

---

A passion doesn't make you unique:

1. 35 million people surf
2. 66 million people golf
3. 600 million people play chess

But how many people do all 3? (Plus hobby #4, 5 & 6?)

Your edge lives at the crossroads of your passions.

- [x] *Tweet 3 | Type: Growth ✅ 2022-12-11

---

The Novelty Paradox: 

No idea is new but we're all unique.
- [x] *Tweet 4 | Type: Growth ✅ 2022-12-11

---

I have a LOT more patience for crying kids in my 30s.

I hear the future in them.

When I was young, they annoyed me.

I was the future back then.

- [x] *Tweet 5 | Type: Personality ✅ 2022-12-11

---

Elite writers don't promote themselves or build authority.

They grow on autopilot from their reputation.

They can afford this. You can't.

Look at writers 2 steps ahead of you. 

They're promoting themselves & building authority.

Follow suit.

- [x] *Tweet 6 | Type: Authority ✅ 2022-12-11

---

Humans imitate - to the extreme.

That's why we read about billionaires' weird morning routines.

We think cold plunges, saunas & meditation will get us there too.

We focus on their 5 am-9 am & overlook their 9 am-9 pm.

That's when they're working.

- [x] *Tweet 7 | Type: Authority ✅ 2022-12-11
---

## Today's Notes:

Watched the season 3 finale of Barry. We thought Cousineaus gun would fall apart lile before but instead the cops were there. Good example of a bait and switch for the observant.
