---
tweets-written: 6
followers: 103
weight: 87.4
---
[[Digital Garden]] | [[Hall of Fame]] | [[Swipe File]] | [[Content Matrix]] | [[Thread Ideas]]

# What would a writer do today?

## To-Do:
- [x] Ensure 1 tweet scheduled for the next day ✅ 2022-12-14
- [x] 0800-0915: Engage with Aspirational ✅ 2022-12-14
- [x] Engage with Aspirational comments ✅ 2022-12-14
- [x] Engage with the Next Step ✅ 2022-12-14
- [x] Engage with Peers ✅ 2022-12-14
- [x] Send 1 DM ✅ 2022-12-14
- [x] Write 6 tweets ✅ 2022-12-14
- [x] Work on the next thread ✅ 2022-12-14
- [x] Publish tweets ✅ 2022-12-14
- [x] Respond to all mentions ✅ 2022-12-14

## Next Thread: [[Write Once. Tweet Twice. (Thread)]]
---
## Tweets:
I consistently ship 6x tweets daily.

My content consists of:

• 1x reworded previous tweet
• 2x new ideas about what I'm learning that day
• 3x reworded comments I've made on other people's content

It doesn't need to be complicated.

- [x] *Tweet 1 | Type: Growth ✅ 2022-12-14

---
I waited a decade to start writing online due to various excuses.

The best time was 10 years ago.

The 2nd best time is now!

- [x] *Tweet 2 | Type: Growth ✅ 2022-12-14

---

Do the same thing every day & you're stuck.

Do something SLIGHTLY different every day & you'll grow into someone unrecognizable.

A small change today = A big change over time.

- [x] *Tweet 3 | Type: Growth ✅ 2022-12-14

---
My father passed away last year & I had to move my mum out of my childhood home. 

They were hoarders. 

The 3 of us had lived in their 1 bedroom apartment for 15 years. 

I made sure to take pictures of everything to remember where I came from.

Remember the place that shaped you.

- [x] *Tweet 4 | Type: Personality ✅ 2022-12-14

---

There's something you're avoiding tweeting because it's too close to home.

Try to post it anyway.

Someone needs to read it.

- [x] *Tweet 5 | Type: Growth ✅ 2022-12-14

---
My Twitter handle used to be: 

Ranbir | Digital Writing Coach 

Now it's Ranbir Singh 

Don't put yourself in a box voluntarily.

- [x] *Tweet 6 | Type: Growth ✅ 2022-12-14

---

---
## Today's Notes:

- Comments as Content
	- Engage & write twitter content at the same time
- Newsletter Title:
	- If You're Like Me, You'll Love This
	- i.e. If You're Like Me, You'll Love The Decoy Effect
- Impressions/prof visits x 100
- over 1% is a banger
- Write a newsletter going deeper into writing, management & lifelong learning 
- Build trust by talking about what I'm obsessed with
- At the end, plug things they'll love
- Becomes my personal newsletter instead of action oriented 
- I can branch off focused email courses as needed