---
weight: 88.6
fast-length: 12.25
fast-start: 9.75
waist:
---
[[Digital Garden]] | [[Trackers]] | [[Question Log]]

## Omnivore Highlight:

```spotlight-note
tags=Omnivore
divWidth=100
divHeight=500
```

---
## Today's Notes:

## Newsletter

### Unhappy Americans, Gamified Notes and Solopreneur Bookkeeping

Welcome back, here are 4 ideas I'm obsessing over this week.

- Gamifying Your Notetaking
	- I'm building a 'second brain' of personalized notes in Obsidian. My daily goal is to create & improve upon atomic notes until they become 'evergreen,' or broadly usable. This seems like an esoteric goal so I've tried to come up with ways to make it more tangible. 
	- But I didn't want to use tasks. I use tasks to drive the rest of my life and I wanted Obsidian to feel more like play.
	- One idea that came to mind was using gamification. This article from Eleanor Konik hits on exactly what I'm missing. Eleanor looks at her daily tasks in Obsidian as akin to the inventory management she does in strategy/RPG games.
	- So I decided to create a 'dashboard' of 'items' in my garden that I could look at as a type of game. My dashboard has my 3 types of atomic notes (seedling, potted plant or evergreen) represented by emojis.
	- As I make more notes and they graduate in robustness, my dashboard will accumulate points. I'll update you on how it goes. I've also made a YouTube video breaking down the technicals of how I did it here
- Trends in Happiness
	- American are unhappier now than at any point in the last 50 years
	- The ways to stack the happiness deck in your favour
		- be married
		- get a college education
		- earn a high income
	- I wrote a thread with some sobering charts that you can read here
- Vanity as a force for good
	- Since I revived my digital garden and started publishing, my writing has gotten better
	- This is because I know someone will see it and I want to be perceived well
	- This is vanity and ego, but it leads to a good outcome. Good reading for my audience and success for me
	- We all do our best work when we see someone is watching. This relates to cities as well. Most cities create their most bold works of architectural art around expos
	- Milan created the vertical gardens around their expo
	- My home city of Montreal built their great metro system around the combined olympics and expo 
	- When people are watching, we behave how we want to be seen
- Bookkeeping
	- Since I've become a content coach, I've had to keep books for my business
	- This freaked me out, until I realized how easy it is in most jurisdictions
	- Your own tax code **will** vary, but in principle, you need to keep the following
		- A excel sheet with income, sales, date, title and category
		- A estimation of home office space
		- An income statement showing your P&L
		- From there, your accountant may want receipts, but in the digital age, just keep a seperate email folder with all of these in case needed
		- I'll link to the template I used if you're based in Canada. Start a side hustle. It'll change your life.