---
weight: 
fast-length: 
fast-start: 
waist:
---
[[Digital Garden]] | [[Trackers]] | [[Question Log]]

## What I'm Working On:
```dataview
TABLe
FROM "10 Workbench"
```

## Omnivore Highlight:

```spotlight-note
tags=Omnivore
divWidth=100
divHeight=500
```

---
## Today's Notes:

- Air Canada announced a summer capacity expansion yesterday. We're boosting our regional network from coast to coast, with more flights on routes and resuming routes earlier.
- Starting on the West Coast, our Vancouver hub levels up connectivity in a big way, thanks in part to our Air Canada Express partner Jazz.
	- Cranbrook and Smithers will be served 2x daily, up from 1x daily last summer.
	- Fort St. John and Prince George will be served 4x daily, up from 3x daily last summer.
	- Terrace will be served 5x daily, up from 4x daily last summer.
- In Saskatchewan, we're enhancing hub connectivity in a big way.
	- Our Montreal summer seasonal service to Regina and Saskatoon used to run as a 'circle flight,' with both cities sharing a route. Now both cities will get their own route, shortening travel time on round-trip itineraries.
	- But it gets better. Toronto to Regina and Toronto to Saskatoon go from 3x daily to 4x daily.
		- All of this means we offer unmatched connectivity from Saskatcewan to Eastern Canada, the US Northeast and Europe.
- From the nation's capital, Ottawa, service is returning to both Calgary and Winnipeg.
- In Quebec, we're resuming our summer seasonal service to the gorgeous Iles de La Madeleine on May 17th.
- In Atlantic Canada, service between Halifax and St. Johns goes from 4x daily to 5x daily, operated by our new regional partner, PAL Airlines. Finally, Gander's summer seasonal routes to Toronto and Montreal return in June.
- By adding scale to our Canadian hubs, we are offering more travel choices and unparalleled access to and from our worldwide network. Looking forward to seeing you across our regional destinations this summer!