---
weight: 
fast-length: 
fast-start:
waist:
---
[[Digital Garden]] | [[Trackers]] | [[Question Log]]

## What I'm Working On:
```dataview
TABLe
FROM "10 Workbench"
```

## Omnivore Highlight:

```spotlight-note
tags=Omnivore
divWidth=100
divHeight=500
```

---
## Today's Notes:

I'm a medical student so I can thankfully answer a few of your questions!

First, a bit about schizophrenics. I'll start with the DSM V criteria for schizophrenia. To be diagnosed with schizophrenia, a person must have two (although they usually have more) of the following symptoms: A) Delusions (fixed false beliefs despite a significant amount of contrary proof, and we often see this in the ER as a chief complaint of something like "Can you please give me some medicine so I don't broadcast my thoughts to everyone?"), B) Hallucinations, C) Disorganized speech, D) Grossly disorganized or catatonic behavior, E) Negative symptoms (this means the person _neglects_ to do normal behaviors such as socializing, cleaning themselves, wearing clean clothes, etc. It is significantly more difficult to treat than "positive symptoms" such as hallucinations or delusions). One of the two symptoms MUST be A, B, or C to be diagnosed as schizophrenia. Other requirements are that the patient's symptoms disrupt one or more major areas of life (eg work or relationships), that the symptoms have lasted at least 6 months, that there have been no manic or depressive episodes (in which case it might be instead schizoaffective disorder), and that the symptoms didn't come from a disease or medication.

That's the definition. More on schizophrenic people by statistics: they tend to have much higher rates of alcohol use, smoking, recreational drug use, anxiety, depression, and suicide than the general population. It's very rare in people younger than 15 or older than 55.

Of the hallucinations, auditory-only is most common (eg hearing one or more voices, or something else), but they can also be visual, gustatory (taste; this is rare), or tactile (one of my dad's patients told him he could feel the bones in his head moving around; sometimes people present in the ER saying they can feel themselves being anally penetrated). Something interesting about auditory hallucinations is that the voices people hear seem to have a strong societal influence: schizophrenics in North America tend to hear more threatening voices and hearing them disturbs the patient; however, schizophrenics in Asia report hearing calm, kind voices more often, and they are at peace with the voices.

Now, when I see an untreated schizophrenic patient, what does it look like? They tend to have a flat or blunted affect (that means they show very little expression in their face; their face looks "flat"); other times they seem to grimace during conversation, though it's not called for by the circumstances. Their speech can be very disorganized. Like where normal speech is A-->B-->C, their speech might be A-->B-->Z, A-->Z-->C, or A-->B......(trail off). They are often slow processers and may have trouble holding a normal conversation or socializing with other people. They can have trouble with working memory (the kind of memory where you "hold onto" an image or tidbit for a short period of time, like info you cram before a test), and they can have trouble with concrete thinking (similes, metaphors, comparisons). They may be socially withdrawn or ambivalent towards other people. Their delusions (if they have them) are often grandiose or religious ("I am Jesus" or "I am God" is freakishly common).

What does it feel like to _be_ a schizophrenic? This is what was done to me to help explain it to me: sit someone across from you, and have a third person standing at your ear and whispering into it constantly with everything from mild observations to threatening language. Now try to hold a normal conversation with the person across from you while this is going on. This is what auditory hallucinations are like for schizophrenics: they're _intrusive_. It's a big contributor for some of those other things I mentioned, like impaired working memory, disorganized speech, inattention, social withdrawal, and trouble socializing. I mean, I would too if someone was always sitting on my shoulder whispering in my ear against my will.

You also ask what happens if the schizophrenic person chooses to go untreated. _It isn't always bad_. I'll give you a few examples. Working as a mental health specialist at an acute mental hospital before medical school, schizophrenics were common visitors. One was an old lady who would not have described her auditory hallucinations as "intrusive." To her, they were the voices of kindly angels. She carried a notebook around with her to keep notes of things they told her, and she could not have been a sweeter little old lady. The worst she ever did on one of my shifts was persistently wander into the hallway after curfew because she got "better reception" in the hallway.

Another example is a man who was hearing multiple threatening voices when he began therapy, and his therapy consisted of a medication and counseling. After a while, the threatening voices went away, and told his doctor he was still hearing _one_ voice but wanted to get off his medication. Calmly the doctor asked "Can you tell me why you want to get off the medication?" The man replied: "The voice I hear now is my dead mother, and she tells me not to drink." The doctor agreed that, in fact, the remaining voice was good for the patient, as it had a beneficial impact on his life.

From that story and from other reading I've done on other schizophrenics, I gather that a large contributor to the "tone" of the auditory hallucinations is the person's life circumstances.

Since you want to get "into a schizophrenic's head," and from a compassionate point of view, I cannot recommend [this TedX talk](https://www.ted.com/talks/eleanor_longden_the_voices_in_my_head) highly enough. She talks not only about her own experiences (so bravely, too, considering the persistent stigma), but also the way the medical profession mistreated her, or assumed her experiences or statements were delusions when they were not.

Let me know if you have any other questions! I'm glad you're tackling a project like this, and I definitely agree that schizophrenics get an unfairly bad rap in the media when they cover a wide spectrum and deserve more understanding.