# Less Information Is More
Created: 2022-05-29 12:44
Edited: 
By: [[Gerd Gigerenzer]]
Tags: #article 

Heuristics are also useful in very important practical ways relating to economics. To illustrate I'll give you a short story about our research on a heuristic concerning the stock market. One very smart and simple heuristic is called the recognition heuristic. Here is a demonstration: Which of the following two cities has more inhabitants — Hanover or Bielefeld? I pick these two German cities assuming that you don't know very much about Germany. Most people will think it's Hanover because they have never heard of Bielefeld, and they're right. However, if I pose the same question to Germans, they are insecure and don't know which to choose. They've heard of both of them and try to recall information. The same thing can be done in reverse. We have done studies with Daniel Gray Goldstein in which we ask Americans which city has more inhabitants — San Diego or San Antonio? About two-thirds of my former undergraduates at the University of Chicago got the right answer: San Diego. Then we asked German students — who know much less about San Diego and many of whom had never even heard of San Antonio — the same question. What proportion of the German students do you think got the answer right? In our study, a hundred percent. They hadn't heard of San Antonio, so they picked San Diego. This is an interesting case of a smart heuristic, where people with less knowledge can do better than people with more. The reason this works is because in the real world there is a correlation between name recognition and things like populations. You have heard of a city because there is something happening there. It's not an indicator of certainty, but it's a good stimulus.

In my group at the Max Planck Institute for Human Development I work alongside a spectrum of researchers, several of whom are economists, who work on the same topics but ask a different kind of question. They say, "That's all fine that you can demonstrate that you can get away with less knowledge, but can the recognition heuristic make money?" In order to answer this question we did a large study with the American and German stock markets, involving both lay people and students of business and finance in both countries. We went to downtown Chicago and interviewed several hundred pedestrians. We gave them a list of stocks and asked them one question: Have you ever heard of this stock? Yes or no? Then we took the ten percent of the stocks that had the highest recognition, which were all stocks in the Standard & Poor's Index, put them in the portfolio and let them go for half a year. As a control, we did the same thing with the same American pedestrians with German stocks. In this case they had heard of very few of them. As a third control we had German pedestrians in downtown Munich perform the same recognition ratings with German and American stocks. The question in this experiment is not how much money the portfolio makes, but whether it makes more money than some standards, of which we had four. One consisted of randomly picked stocks, which is a tough standard. A second one contained the least-recognized stocks, which is according to the theory an important standard, and shouldn't do as well. In the third we had blue chip funds, like Fidelity II. And in the last we had the market — the Dow and its German equivalent. We let this run for six months, and after six months the portfolios containing the highest recognized stocks by ordinary people outperformed the randomly picked stocks, the low recognition stocks, and in six out of eight cases the market and the mutual funds.

## Related:
1. [[heuristics]]

## References:
1. https://www.edge.org/conversation/gerd_gigerenzer-smart-heuristics